There are 11 options the user can select.

Add a patient: When prompted, the user will enter the patient's name, organ needed, blood type, chance of survivability, time left, and location. The name should be the patient's last name. The organ needed can be heart, lungs, liver, pancreas, kidney, intestines, or head, and must not be capitalized. The blood type can be O, A, B, or AB, and must be capitalized. Chance of survivability should be between 0 and 100. Time left should be in hours. The location can be one of the following citites: New York City, Philadelphia, Atlanta, Denver, San Francisco, Dallas, Phoenix, Seattle, Honolulu, Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, Houston, Miami, Memphis, Cleveland, or Boise, and must be captialized. For example: "Smith", "heart", "O", "50", "Denver".

Add a donor: Same as adding a patient, but the user will not be promted for survivability or time left since those attributes do not apply to donors. For example: "Jackson", "liver", "AB", "Boston".

Delete a patient: User will be promted for the patient's name. It should be their last name. For example: "Johnson".

Delete a donor: Same as delete patient. For example: "Benson".

Count patients: This will count the number of patients waiting and output the number. It does not require any input arguments.

Count donors: This will count the number of donors waiting and output the number. It does not require any input arguments.

Print patients: This will print all of the patients in the waiting list and all of their attributes. It does not require any input arguments.

Print donors: This will print all of the donors waiting for a patient match and all of their attributes. It does not require any input arguments.

Print matches: This will print all of the patient - donor matches that have been paired but not yet operated on, and the liklihood that the operation will be a success. It does not require any input arguments.

Operate: This will "operate" on a donor - patient match and will determine whether or not the operation was a sucess using a random function and the patient's liklihood of survivability. It does not require any input arguments.
